OSSM-6420 OSSM 2.5.2, 2.4.8, and 2.3.12: [DOC] Release Notes, Known Issues and Bug Fixes (#75663)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-rn-fixed-issues.adoc

////

The following issues have been resolved in the current release:

//current release is 2.5.2/2.4.8/2.3.12 scheduled for May 22, 2024

* https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6331[OSSM-6331] Previously, the `smcp.general.logging.componentLevels` spec accepted invalid `LogLevel` values, and the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource was still created. Now, an error message is shown if an invalid value is used, and the control plane is not created.

* https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6290[OSSM-6290] Previously, the **Project** filter of the **Istio Config** list page did not work correctly. All `istio config` items were displayed from all namespaces even if you selected a specific project from the drop-down menu. Now, only the `istio config` items that belong to the selected project in the filter dropdown are displayed.

> * https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6298[OSSM-6298] Previously, when you clicked an item reference within the {SMPlugin}, the console sometimes performed multiple redirects before opening the desired page. As a result, navigating back to the previous page that was open in the console caused your web browser to open the wrong page. Now, these redirects do not occur, and clicking *Back* in a web browser redirects you to the correct page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6298[OSSM-6298] Previously, when you clicked an item reference within the {SMPlugin}, the console sometimes performed multiple redirects before opening the desired page. As a result, navigating back to the previous page that was open in the console caused your web browser to open the wrong page. Now, these redirects do not occur, and clicking *Back* in a web browser brings you to the correct page.
```

Oh, missed this. I'm just assuming you're not redirected at all--just moving straight back.

////

The following issues have been resolved in the current release:

//current release is 2.5.2/2.4.8/2.3.12 scheduled for May 22, 2024

> * https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6331[OSSM-6331] Previously, invalid `LogLevel` values were accepted in `.smcp.general.logging.componentLevels` and the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` was created. Now, an error message is shown if an invalid value is used, and the control plane is not created.

Reviewer: The first sentence is phrased unclearly to me. Invalid value acceptance _caused_ `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resources to be created?

Reviewer: `ServiceMeshControlPlane` should be followed by a noun. Likely `.scmp.general.logging.componentLevels`, too.

> * https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6290[OSSM-6290] Previously, the **Project** filter of the **Istio Config** list page did not work correctly. All `istio` items are displayed even if you select a specific project from the dropdown. Now, only the Istio items belonging to the selected project in the filter dropdown are displayed.

Reviewer 2: Two comments here:
- 'istio items' are displayed in two different ways in the sentence: `istio` items and Istio items. I think the name style should be consistent along the sentence. Besides, this is related to istio config list page, so maybe it is better to talk about 'istio config items' instead of just 'istio items'.
- All `istio` items are displayed... it means from all namespaces. Not sure if it is clear enough here.

> * https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6290[OSSM-6290] Previously, the **Project** filter of the **Istio Config** list page did not work correctly. All `istio config` items were displayed from all namespaces even if you select a specific project from the dropdown. Now, only the `istio config` items belonging to the selected project in the filter dropdown are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6290[OSSM-6290] Previously, the **Project** filter of the **Istio Config** list page did not work correctly. All `istio config` items were displayed from all namespaces even if you selected a specific project from the dropdown. Now, only the `istio config` items that belong to the selected project in the filter dropdown are displayed.
```

Reviewer: "Dropdown" usage note from ISG that may or may not impact this:

> ⚠️ **dropdown** _noun_ Use only in the context of Carbon Design or if its use is already established for a product. Although dropdown is prevalent in the industry, it might cause problems for translators and readers whose first language is not English.

> * https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6298[OSSM-6298] Previously, when you clicked an item reference within the {SMPlugin}, the console sometimes performed multiple redirects before opening the desired page. As a result, navigating back to the previous page opened in the console caused your web browser to open the wrong page. Now, these redirects are not performed, and clicking *Back* in a web browser correctly redirects to the previous page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6298[OSSM-6298] Previously, when you clicked an item reference within the {SMPlugin}, the console sometimes performed multiple redirects before opening the desired page. As a result, navigating back to the previous page that was open in the console caused your web browser to open the wrong page. Now, these redirects do not occur, and clicking *Back* in a web browser redirects you to the correct page.
```

ISG doesn't like "perform."

> * https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6299[OSSM-6299] Previously, in {product-title} 4.15, when you clicked the **Node graph** menu option of any node menu within the traffic graph, the node graph was not displayed. Instead, the page is refreshed with the same traffic graph. Now, clicking on the **Node graph** menu option correctly displays the node graph details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSSM-6299[OSSM-6299] Previously, in {product-title} 4.15, when you clicked the **Node graph** menu option of any node menu within the traffic graph, the node graph was not displayed. Instead, the page refreshed with the same traffic graph. Now, clicking the **Node graph** menu option correctly displays the node graph.
```

It displays a node graph or details about the node graph?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
